.TH init\-checkconf 8 2013-11-19 "startup"
.\"
.SH NAME
init\-checkconf \- manual page for init-checkconf
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B init\-checkconf
.RI [ OPTIONS ] " file "

.B init\-checkconf
.RI [ OPTIONS ] " " "\-f" " file "
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
Determine if specified
.BR startup (8)
job configuration file is valid.
.P
By default, two checks are performed:
.IP \(bu 4
Ensure
.BR startup (8)
can parse overall file successfully
.IP \(bu 4
Ensure all script sections are parseable by shell
.P
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-d " , " \-\-debug
Show some debug output.
.TP
.BR \-f " \fIfile\fP" " , " \-\-file=\fIfile\fP
Specify job configuration file to check.
.TP
.BR \-i " \fIpath\fP" " , " \-\-initctl\-path=\fIpath\fP
Specify path to
.BR initctl (8)
binary.
.TP
.BR \-s " , " \-\-noscript
Do not check script sections.
.TP
.BR \-x " \fIpath\fP" " , " \-\-startup\-path=\fIpath\fP
Specify path to
.BR startup (8)
binary.
.TP
.BR \-h " , " \-\-help
Display usage statement.
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Written by James Hunt
.RB < james.hunt@ubuntu.com >
.\"
.SH LIMITATIONS
.IP \(bu 4
.B exec
stanzas containing shell meta-characters will not be checked as scripts.
.\"
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs at
.RB < https://gitlab.com/chinstrap/startup/startup/issues >
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2011-2013 Canonical Ltd.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sh (1)
.BR startup (5)
.BR startup (8)
