The upstart source tree is available using Bazaar-NG with the
following URL, if you plan to hack on upstart please work off this
branch.

	http://bazaar.launchpad.net/~keybuk/upstart/main

Releases are available from:

	http://upstart.ubuntu.com/download/

upstart uses the Malone bug tracking system:

	http://launchpad.net/products/upstart/+bugs

If you want to contribute code or bug fixes, please either provide the
URL to your own Bazaar-NG branch or use the ‘unified’ diff format
(diff -pu) and attach the patch to a bug.  Please supply a suggested
ChangeLog entry with your patch.


Dependencies
------------

Upstart uses the libnih library to provide a standard set of utility
functions used throughout the source.  This library has not yet been
released in a stand-alone fashion and must instead be shipped with the
source.

If you checked upstart out from Bazaar-NG you will also need to check
libnih out from the following URL:

	http://www.netsplit.com/bzr/libnih/

and from the upstart working directory run the nihify script found in
the libnih working directory, usually just:

	../libnih/nihify


Maintainer tools
----------------

The source tree for upstart uses the GNU Build System (sometimes known
as the GNU Autotools).  You will need the following versions
installed.

	* GNU Autoconf 2.60
	* GNU Automake 1.9
	* GNU Libtool 1.5.22
	* GNU Gettext 0.15

After checking out upstart from Bazaar-NG you will need to use these
tools to generate the build files.  The correct way to do this is to
simply run ‘autoreconf -i’ from the top-level source directory.


Configure options
-----------------

There are some configure script options that you may find useful when
hacking on upstart.

	* --enable-compiler-warnings: (GCC only) adds extra CFLAGS to
	increase the source checking and treat all warnings as errors.

	* --disable-compiler-optimisations: ensures that no compiler
	optimisations are performed during compilation, easing
	debugging.

	* --disable-linker-optimisations: disables the usual linker
	optimisations, slightly decreasing build time.

	* --enable-compiler-coverage: (GCC only) enables coverage file
	generation, useful for test suites.


Coding style
------------

The coding style for upstart is roughly K&R with function names in
column 0, and variable names aligned in declarations.

The right results can be almost achieved by doing the following.

	* GNU Emacs: if you're not using auto-newline, the following
	should do the right thing:

	(defun upstart-c-mode-common-hook ()
	  (c-set-style "k&r")
	  (setq indent-tabs-mode t
	        c-basic-offset 8))

	* VIM: the default works except for the case labels in switch
	statements.  Set the following option to fix that:

	setlocal cinoptions=:0

	* Indent: can be used to reformat code in a different style:

	indent -kr -i8 -psl

All functions, typedefs, structures and file-level variables, whether
exported or not, must be preceded by a documentation comment
detailing their usage and behaviour.  The format of that command is as
follows:

	/**
	 * function_name:
	 * @foo: first parameter description,
	 * @bar: second parameter description,
	 * @baz: third parameter description.
	 *
	 * Describe the function here, when you reference parameters
	 * use the form above, e.g. give @foo or @bar.
	 *
	 * Other functions should be referenced by function-call
	 * syntax, e.g. call other_function() afterwards.
	 *
	 * Returns: if there is a return value, include this line and
	 * give the possible values returned.
	 **/

Structures should detail their members instead of function parameters.

Where possible, all code should be covered by test cases checking the
behaviour of that code.  It's particularly important that any bug
fixes be accompanied by a test case which fails without the fix and
succeeds with it.

Tests should be placed in C files under the tests/ directory, and use
the macros defined in the nih/test.h header.  See the existing test
examples to see how.
