.TH startup\-dbus\-bridge 8 2013-04-25 startup
.\"
.SH NAME
startup\-dbus\-bridge \- Bridge between startup and D-Bus
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B startup\-dbus\-bridge
.RI [ OPTIONS ]...
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B startup\-dbus\-bridge
receives information about D-Bus signals
and creates
.BR startup (8)
events for them.

With no options, monitors signals on the D-Bus system bus and emits
an event called
.I dbus
via a D-Bus system bus connection.

When run with \fB\-\-user\fP, monitors signals on the users D-Bus session bus
and emits events via the private D-Bus connection to the users Session Init.

See \fBdbus\-daemon\fP(1) and for further details.

.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.\"
.TP
.B \-\-always
Always emit events on receipt of D-Bus signal regardless of whether jobs
care about them.
.TP
.B \-\-readyfd
Write a newline into the file descriptor described by the environment
variable READY_FD to indicate readiness.
.\"
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Enable debugging output.
.\"
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show brief usage summary.
.\"
.TP
.B \-\-session
Monitor signals on the D-Bus session bus.
.\"
.TP
.B \-\-system
Monitor signals on the D-Bus system bus.
.\"
.TP
.B \-\-user
User-session mode: connect via the user session rather than
over the D\-Bus system bus.
.\"
.TP
.B \-\-bus-name
Set a name for the bus to be passed as an additional argument to the event
under the property BUS.  Used to distinguish multiple D\-Bus bridges.
.\"
.TP
.B \-\-verbose
Enable verbose output.
.\"
.SH RESTRICTIONS
D-Bus signals emitted by
.BR startup (8)
itself are ignored.

.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Written by James Hunt
.RB < james.hunt@canonical.com >
.\"
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at 
.RB < https://gitlab.com/chinstrap/startup/startup/issues >
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Canonical Ltd.
.PP
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dbus\-daemon (1)
.BR dbus\-event (7)
.BR startup (5)
.BR startup (8)
